Zeno music, all day, every day
Sebzbeats baby
Have these yutes gone mad?
I'll get round there like Samurai Jack
Come grab that wap like K and bang
Pull up and dish out smoke, two waps in the ding, that was me and bro
I ain't do no leggy
I'll bore man right through the head
I'll bore man right through the-

All the talk on the net be bullshit, 9 gang pull up, they start aborting (Them comin')
No way am I stalling, V9 hop out the car, start scoring (Splash)
Appalling, they're talking wass, man it's boring
Say my name cah rap, have these yutes gone mad?
I'll get round there like Samurai Jack, come grab that wap like K and bang (Bow)
Barrel spins like a Beyblade, leave man red just like Treyway
Do you comprende? ***** in a zoot, inhale it
I can't swing my shank like Latts (No charge)
Cah I won't be doing much chinging
I can't shoot no blank like *****
What's the point of purposely missing?
Yutes buck in to me, they run, I run a man down for fun (They comin')
I should've had the wap on me, I would've got a hole in one (Bow)
Are you fucking buzzing? This ain't no rusty one
Lock my arm, aim and kweff it, beef with me is a serious death wish
V9 too devilish, but I guess you know that already (Should)
Sammy came long like Abz, grip it tight, swing like Kendo (Swing dat)
Leave holes in man's Kenzo, now watch man crash this rental (Skrrt)
I've been drivin', ridin' (I have), I beg you don't talk that wass (Don't do it)
Gang been flinging sweets, only right if you catch this corn (Bow, bow)
Slice man up, filet mignon, kick down doors, where's all the dough?
Oliver Twist, man you know I want more (I do)
Back out smoke, let's see who wants war
I've been drivin', ridin' (I have), I beg you don't talk that wass (Don't do it)
Gang been flinging sweets, only right if you catch this corn (Bow, bow)
Slice man up, filet mignon, kick down doors, where's all the dough? (Where?)
Oliver Twist, man you know I want more
Back out smoke, let's see who wants war

Rev it and go put things in coat (Aye)
Pull up and dish out smoke (Bow), two waps in the dings, that was me and bro (Me and K)
Venomous bop and do it, see opp, reverse it and do him (Ay, ching that)
Mention who? Don't be stupid (Don't do it)
Samurai long like broomsticks (If I'm long)
There's no way I can see my opps, and not hop out the ride (No chance)
Are you fucking buzzing? Of course I put knife in guys
Don't believe what they say, they see my blade and looked so stressed (Stop jetting)
I ain't doing no leggy (Nope), I'll bore man right through the head (Splash)
Don't forget his chest and neck (Ching)
I seen man push his friend, cah he don't wanna feel this drilling (He's a bitch)
The ching next day, it's nuts (How?), but guess it's no hard feelings
Rip, dig 'em (Ching), saucy bae looking, strip him
I'm in my feelings, so I get 'round with no permission (Okay)
Bro bust that gauge (Bow)
And don't you miss him
Don't let him clock you, cah the man there known for snitching
This batch is buzzing, Samurai stance that's me
You ran from my sammy, are you taking a piss? (Little gems)
Are you taking a piss? (Some dickhead)
I've been drivin', ridin' (I have), I beg you don't talk that wass (Don't do it)
Gang been flinging sweets, only right if you catch this corn (Bow, bow)
Slice man up, filet mignon, kick down doors, where's all the dough?
Oliver Twist, man you know I want more (I do)
Back out smoke, let's see who wants war
I've been drivin', ridin' (I have), I beg you don't talk that wass (Don't do it)
Gang been flinging sweets, only right if you catch this corn (Bow, bow)
Slice man up, filet mignon, kick down doors, where's all the dough? (Where?)
Oliver Twist, man you know I want more
Back out smoke, let's see who wants war