Boy, it sure is a nice day today
I believe I’ll go back out in the garden
And dig me up some worms…
And go fishin’!
Alright, I got me a nice little spot picked out down there on the crick
Boy, them perch is bitin' like crazy. Yessir. Powerful
I'm goin' fish-fish, fish-fish, fish-fish, fishin'
I'm goin' fishin', hook, sinker, an' line
I said, fish-fish, fish-fish, fish-fish, fishin'....
Boy, I’m a-goin’ fishin’ just to ease my mind
Ya know, some folks say that fishin' on a Sunday's a sin
I don’t believe in that though…
If a fish bite my line on a Sunday, I'm gonna reel 'im on in. (haha)
I Believe I'll take 'em on home, fry 'em up good an' have a ball....
‘Cause I don't see nothin wrong with fishin’ on Sunday at all. (haha)
I'm goin' fish-fish, fish-fish, fish-fish, fishin'
Boy, I'm goin' fishin', hook, sinker, an' line
I said, fish-fish, fish-fish, fish-fish, fishin'. (hahaha)
Yes, I’m a-goin’ fishin’ just to ease my mind
Alright!
I’ll take my pole and my jug, down to the river
Gonna sit up on the bank
Every time the fish starts to nibble
I’m gonna take me another drink
I'm goin' fish-fish, fish-fish, fish-fish, fishin'
Yes, I'm goin' fishin', hook, sinker, an' line. Woo!
I said, fish-fish, fish-fish, fish-fish, fishin'. (hahaha)
Yes Lord, I’m goin’ fishin’ just to ease my mind
Now see there, look at this big ol’ string of fish
Ol’ Charlie ‘n them tried to tell me I wouldn’t catch nothin’
Look at the catfish on the end. Woo! He’s a big one
I’m gonna get the whole neighborhood over here
And fry these up, sit ‘n have a good ol’ fish fry, yessir
Ooh, it’s startin’ to smell good already. Yessir
Hey, bust out a couple bottles a ketchup, salt’n’pepper
A couple a loaves of bread, an’
We’ll just have a time here tonight. Yessir
Get that old boy next door
To come play his fiddle for us…
Send ol Charlie Daniels out for a
Couple bottles of Corn Liquor, will ya
Aww, here he comes back with it…
Eh, hand me a tall glass, darlin’
And about two more a’ those fish sandwiches…
Woo, this sure is good…
I ain't had this much fun
In about a hundred years…