Beatnuts, Mista Mef, you know how we do
("Se Acabo")

Free drinks on the house, word
Everybody drinking tonight
(WHAT DA DEALLY?)
Por ahi viene el perro, por ahi viene
Cae la gorda por
Yo check it out
Swing a bat on you like the devil himself
Put it on us, sickness or health
Making you could only breathe wit help
I ain't playin', you don't wanna hear what you sayin' yourself
Hit the street wit incredible beats
We renowned for tearin' it down
Never have you heard a similar sound
Like a drop off when shit pop off, feel a hot one
Side scorching from a hot gun
Niggas get lost in the buildings wit money and the children
Not the type to talk too much and catch feelin'
Dominican flag over the bed on the ceiling
Protect everything I rep, that's the first thing
Many things follow, bullets stay hollow
You actin' like we don't chew, you can't swallow
Niggas try to change my plans, I'mma beat you till I break my hands
Ju the German every place I stand ("Se Acabo")

All day everyday ("Se Acabo") mothafuckers!
Step up front! What's goin' on?

Aiyyo it's Big Psych, baby you don't want no problems
Suckers want war, and yo bomb em
Bring the heat, squeeze the flame torch
Then peel out in a convertible gray Porsche
Just in case your snitch wanna get payed off
I'm three miles ahead of you, I took the plates off
Pull out the chainsaws, It's a Musical Massacre
Cut the head off the driver and the passenger
Sic my dogs after ya, have you climbin' in a tree
Just another crime in the street
Ain't nuttin' better than findin' a beat
So if you find that and try to blow my spot up
("You!") Get shot up ("Se Acabo")
Means ("It's Over") bro, Method Man on the remix, it's over yo
("Se Acabo") Beatnuts flip the beat, it's over yo
"It's a Beatnuts thing, yo you know how that go" 

What kind of Beatnut am I? Spanish Fly, P-O-P-P-I
(Who got the live special guest for the night?)
Excuse me as I kiss the sky
Yo one on through the nasal
To put food on the table, I Rush Associated Labels
Huh, ready, willing and able to rock cradle
And rock steady, when I get the drop I drop heavy
Twist the metal, mask the machete
This god don't want beef, he want veggie
Plus signs over Deadly Medley
Who got em gassed on his own Getty
Battery Back, he Eveready
Now what's fuckin' wit that ha?
Not you, you chocha
I fuck wit Beatnuts, Livin' La Vida Loca!
Callete la boca, see the Spanish Fly on the sofa
One word, he slap you wit the toaster
Keep it in the holster on safety
Put yourself in timeout, playin wit this dough, let me find out
You ain't hard to find though, barrel on your tonsils
Sigan hablando y siga mamando
("Se Acabo") ("Se Acabo")
All day everyday ("Se Acabo") No doubt
What the fuck's goin on? Worldwide!
(Beatnuts) Write your own rhymes ("Se Acabo")
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ("Se Acabo")
All you punk niggas walk it off, ("Se Acabo")
We ain't playin' over here yamean ("Se Acabo")