Mentality
Yeah
I really talk my shit
The whole tape
Yeah, yeah, yeah

I just came in with a big old bag, bitch, I got that good dope
She wanna fuck, got her calling me daddy, she got that good throat
2019, bitch, I'm bringin' that pressure
You can get hit with the .38 special
Not finna flex, you can quit with the extra
Fuck nigga fee, you can't step in my section
I'm tryna poke that lil' thing from the back
A nigga been sippin' that D'usse
I just wanna fuck her and all of her partners
I need me a piece of that pussy
And I'm in the club with a big booty bitch
Hood ho and she addicted to dick
Young nigga cold, got these young niggas sick
Dracos finna pull up your clique
Bitch, it's whatever you with
Bitch, it's whatever you on
Real dog ho, I'm slangin' this bitch
She wanna lick on the bone
She wanna fuck me and all of my partners
And this bitch with it, she finna get it
Beezy gon' toss that lil' ho like a Frisbee
Dick up her back got the ho feelin' dizzy
Playin' with Soldier, that shit really risky
Trigger happy, man, that motherfucker itchin'
Perc-10's, had to put them hoes down
Sippin' Henny, had to put down the Crown
Thick bitch, got the ho goin' wild
Shawty say, "Bae, you so nasty"
I get in her ear while I'm talkin' my shit
I nut, then I get her some Zaxby's
What happened to keepin' it gangster? (Yeah)
What happened to keepin' it street? (For real)
You fuck niggas cappin' and rappin' 'bout money
Bitch, you couldn't even buy the beat (Go, go)
Cartiers on when I step in the club
I'm peepin' the fuck niggas out (Peepin' 'em out)
I had to get back from the motherfuckin' scrubs
Them niggas was beggin' for clout (They beggin' for clout)
Niggas want smoke so I ride with the hundred
Lord, I'm prayin' for them
Real killers and them young niggas dummy
I pray for who stayin' with them (For real)
What happened to keepin' it gangster? (What happened?)
What happened to keepin' it street? (What happened?)
You fuck niggas cappin' and rappin' 'bout money
Bitch, you couldn't even buy the beat

Smoked out a bow, bitch, I'm high as a plane
Double G with me, I'm makin' it rain
Wanna be trapper, these lil' niggas lame
Poppin' these Percs just to help with the pain
Just hit two bitches and didn't even remember
Soldier so cold like the month of September
She wanna fuck, it's a must that I kill her
Swallow these kids when the package deliver
Hit from the back and make her do the running man
Bitch, I'm a boss, got me feelin' like Money Man
Mind of a menace, I grew up on Boosie
Would walk to the store just to get me a loosie
Alabama, yeah, they thinkin' we country
Dick up her back, Milly Rock in her tummy
Seventy-five shots in the drake for a dummy
Hit him one time, turn his ass to a scrunchie
What happened to keepin' it gangster?
What happened to keepin' it street?
You fuck niggas cappin' and rappin' 'bout money
Bitch, you couldn't even buy the beat
Cartiers on when I step in the club
I'm peepin' the fuck niggas out
I had to get back from the motherfuckin' scrubs
Them niggas was beggin' for clout
Niggas want smoke so I ride with the hundred
Lord, I'm prayin' for them
Real killers and them young niggas dummy
I pray for who stayin' with them
What happened to keepin' it gangster? (For real)
What happened to keepin' it street? (What happened?)
You fuck niggas cappin' and rappin' 'bout money
Bitch, you couldn't even buy the beat

Bitch, you can't even buy the beat
What happened to keepin' it street? (What happened?)
You fuck niggas cappin' and rappin' 'bout money
Bitch, you couldn't even buy the beat (You couldn't)
Bitch, you couldn't even buy the beat (What happened?)
What happened to keepin' it street? (What happened?)
What happened to keepin' it G? (What happened?)
What happened to, what happened to, what happened to?
Yeah
Big Soldier
Mentality
Mentality
Yeah
All 2019, for real
Yeah, Soldier