Ya see.. Cause I'm from the 404 they assume I'm forbidden from hiphop
Fortunately my metaphors force you to consider this my forte
Therefore im here forever... even at 14 .. I ..

Foresaw shit i can't afford yet
Winnings what im fit for i will never forfeit
'fore that runnin LSU like Fournette
4$ound bitch times tRoy dont forget
Yo shit wack dont record that
Rod rocking shit that ain't even in the store yet

Preme headband just to let him know I'm on deck
Females acting sad cause they ain't with the boy yet
These niggas ain't bossing
They broke they ain't really flossing
Damn right we saucing
We on spaceship Ty Lawson

Power like I'm Austin , membership gold
Get in my game mode soon as that bitch load
When I drop my album know that baby gettin sold
Started getting my money so my baby getting bold
Started getting money now my wallet won't fold
Cut that bullshit cause that shit is getting old
You gotta long nose all them lies gettin told
Momma get ready cause we gonna have a load

Fucking with my white boys and my latin dudes nigga
ATL fam and my Baton Rouge niggas
'Boy you can't rap' see i had to prove niggas
Couldn't keep up so I had to lose niggas

I wish I chose not to sin
My moment again
I am the air these girls gone bend
I'm on my wave
I'm on my wave
I'm on my wave
You with the trend
Polo sweatpants cause they comfy! Aye
Niggas falling off humpty dumpty! Aye
She think she the popo tryna cuff me! Aye
I stepped in yo function yall are lucky! Aye
Dont trust me, that mason jar so musty
My blondie broad so busty, tRoy in this bitch they must be
Yo Kelv why these niggas hating?
Eyes bloodshot red yeah they on Satan
Man I done killed em all now they probating
Girls like it when I smile wrist colgating

Rod stop fucking hoes other niggas dating
Better chill, niggas shooting like they play for Creighton
I'm going dumb I think my motherfucking brain vacant
They took me to the doc like we have an insane patient

Bro fuck allat!
They shoot we bussing back
Now thats a fact!
White hoes in a line now thats some crack
We blow em back!

Are you on crack?
I'm Jesse Owens.. I stay on track
Blacked out rims, blacked out trunk
Frat house party, blacked out drunk

Ion know this girl but she wanna fuck
But I ain't that dumb so thats no luck
These hoes tryna catch a nigga slipping
I stayed strapped with gold the olympics
Can't fuck with yo plug cause he skimping
Yo hurt girls walkin round bro they limping
I wish I chose not to sin
My moment again
I am the air these girls gone bend
I'm on my wave
I'm on my wave
I'm on my wave
You with the trend
Polo sweatpants cause they comfy! Aye
Niggas falling off humpty dumpty! Aye
She think she the popo tryna cuff me! Aye
I stepped in yo function yall are lucky! Aye
Dont trust me, that mason jar so musty
My blondie broad so busty, tRoy in this bitch they must be